"Tougher Than Leather" lyrics






RUN DMC LYRICS




"Tougher Than Leather"



[Run-D.M.C.]
Unconceivable, unbelievable
Grammar like a hammer information receivable
Sent by the Lord, here and abroad
with words well adored now they can't be ignored!

[Run]
The force of course that makes Run the boss
so get lost because I just toss a punk
Make way today and if I may I say
I make pay with Jay, so get away OKAY?
Gainin weight, I ate the whole plate today
Never rate the great, I go state to state
Just peep and keep but don't sleep or weep
Get deep to leap or I'll beep the Jeep
Put down the clown, get 'round the town
I found the sound that I pound the ground
Get paid and laid, not 'jayed or 'fraid
so I stayed and made, not a bad debate
Got a group to troop, with a shoop de shoop
Shoot hoop then scoop, on this loop to loop
Goin off and off, not soft of course
Just black and back to go back and forth
Go to school and cool, ?? and pull
Got soul and gold and cold hold a jewel
Upset the vet, a vet met a Jet
Just let your ??, and I'll win the bet
Got a punch to crunch, cold munch for lunch
not Grady or the lady from the Brady Bunch
Got cheese in Lee's like he's in jeans
Charge Visa freeze, on these with ease
No dope to cope, just good to go
There's hope to Pope, big nope for no
Quite clever and never, we're together forever
Run-D.M.C. and we're "Tougher Than Leather"

[D.M.C.]
Strong and mighty hard as can be
?? lie press strong as Dee
Never frightened I'm writin fightin for what's right
Let's keep it ?? in the night I'm creepin with my mic
I got to go for broke, and I ain't no joke
I won't yoke and choke, 'cept you suckers I smoked
Bumrush and crush, leave em in the dust
This is a must to rough, ?? 
Only strong survive, and the weak will die
As long as I'm alive I keep my head up high
because I'm strong in body, and smart in mind
I was born to rhyme, as a gift to mankind
No punk or chump, never givin no slack
We'll be killin a villain and like chillin, "Yo black!"
I got a ??, it's me you run from
I'm the king I do my things until my Kingdom Come!

[guitar solo]

[Run]
.. cause .. I'm
Rough and tough, cold huff and puff
Don't bluff the stuff, got enough to rough
Go long and on, no longer song
Go on and on just for past the dawn
Put preach and teach, with a speech to reach
all streets and each, with beats for treats
Got the King Supreme, may seem the clean
with a beat and a ring, no dream machine
Not a gang to bang, out to hang with slang
talking yang and tang, about everythang
Just brothers and others, like fathers and mothers
who discovered they love us they think that I've been above us
No crime or time, just rhyme and I'm
full grown and own, no phone or dime
Just cut the stuff, til you get enough
cause we're rougher than tougher and rougher tougher than tough!

[guitar solo]

[Run-D.M.C.]
Ah with a voice like thunder, words of wonder
over all standin tall and the suckers fall under
Posessed with power, cowards will cower
Ducks we devour hour hour after hour
Three man riot, you can't deny it
We're so ill that you can't defy it
Gonna live, POSITIVE, forever, AND EVER
Run-D.M.C. and we're "Tougher Than Leather"



